# Iterated Function System Fractal Visualiser

 This simple program was originally created as part of my Bachelor's Thesis, entitled "Diseño y Programación de una Aplicación para Obtener Fractales Generados de Gistemas de Funciones Iteradas" (Design and Programming of an Application to Obtain Fractals Generated from Iterated Function Systems), available (in Spanish) here https://oa.upm.es/80524/.
 
 The abstract is as follows:
 
 "This bachelor’s thesis comprises the design and programming of a computer application that allows its user to obtain the fractal associated with an Iterated Function System (from now on, IFS). Fractals are self-similar geometric figures which, owing to the high level of detail that they have, are difficult to draw manually beyond their first few iterations. Therefore, it becomes necessary to use software to be able to see and inspect these figures in depth. There are many methods of fractal generation. The method used in this application consists of applying one of two algorithms, the Deterministic Algorithm or the Random Algorithm, to an IFS. These algorithms will be explained in full in the body of this thesis. The aim of this thesis is the creation of a simple and easy-to-use application that can create fractals based on the parameters provided by the user, and that also provides additional functionality such as a history of previous results, a system for saving favourite results, and customization options. In short, this bachelor’s thesis seeks to offer a simple and user-friendly tool for fractal generation that can be used by anyone, without the need for in-depth knowledge of the subject matter."
 
 The app can be opened by running aplicacion.py, and a help menu with instructions can be accessed by clicking on the question mark icon in the top right corner of the app.
